{\rtf1\ansi
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b NOTICE OF DEBT} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b <% intDays %> DAY NOTICE TO PAY RENT OR QUIT POSSESSION OF PREMISES - Pay by Personal or Mail Delivery} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 [COMMERCIAL TENANCY]\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b THIS <% intDays %> DAY NOTICE TO PAY RENT OR QUIT SUPERCEDES ALL PREVIOUSLY SERVED NOTICES TO PAY RENT OR QUIT IF ANY.} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This <% strDays %> Day Notice to Pay Rent or Quit is being served concurrently with a {\b <% strDays %> Day Notice to Pay Additional Rent or Quit} , Even if you pay the amounts specified therein, said full payment will not negate, cancel, discharge, withdraw, revoke or rescind the <% strDays %> Day Notice to Pay Rent or Quit. Even if you pay the rent specified within the <% strDays %>-day period, said payment will not negate, cancel, discharge, withdraw, revoke or rescind the <% strDays %> Day Notice to Pay Additional Rent or Quit. Each notice has its own responsibilities for your payment, and its own separate and independent consequences for non-payment. The landlord reserves the right to file an action for Unlawful Detainer for violation of any provision of any notice that you have violated within the designated <% strDays %>-day period.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b THIS IS AN ATTEMPT TO COLLECT A DEBT; ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This notice does not waive, or relieve you of any tenancy-related duties or responsibilities. This notice is not intended as legal advice for the intended recipient. Nothing contained herein constitutes a waiver of the landlord's rights pursuant to Civil Code Section 1912 or CCP Section 1174.5\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As required by law, you are hereby notified that a negative credit report reflecting on your credit history may be submitted to a credit-reporting agency if you fall to fulfill the terms of your credit obligations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The amount of unpaid rent claimed herein is a reasonable estimate within the meaning of California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1161.1. Pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1161.1 (c) you are herewith notified in advance that if the landlord accepts a partial payment of rent after filing a complaint for Unlawful Detainer that the acceptance of said partial payment of rent does not constitute a waiver of any rights, including the right the landlord may have to recover possession of the premises.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b To: <% tenantName %>, and all other occupants, tenants and subtenants in possession of the tenancy premises:} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Property Address:}  {\b <% tenantAddress %>} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Outstanding Balances:} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b <% amountDue %>} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b ONLY FULL PAYMENT OF RENT WILL BE ACCEPTED!} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The name of the landlord/creditor to whom the debt is owed is: <% owner %>\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Demand is hereby made upon you for FULL payment of the rent stated above for the above-described premises. You are hereby required to pay said rent to the Property Manager, or the Undersigned at the address specified below within <% strDays %> calendar days after service of this notice upon you; or if not so paid, to surrender and deliver possession of the above-described real property to the Owner, Landlord, or Authorized Agent within said <% strDays %> calendar days,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Your failure to comply with the foregoing will result in legal proceedings being instituted against you to recover possession of said premises for UNLAWFUL DETAINER. Also, such proceedings could result In a Judgment against you for unpaid rent, costs of suit, necessary disbursements, damages, attorneys fee as well as STATUTORY DAMAGES for such UNLAWFUL DETENTION, and to declare a forfeiture of the Lease or Rental Agreement under which you occupy the above-described tenancy premises. The Landlord elects to and does declare a forfeiture of the Lease or Rental Agreement if the stated rent is not actually received within <% strDays %> (<% intDays %>) calendar days of service of this notice. If the "fifth day" fails on a weekend or court holiday, then you will have until the end of the next business day within which to deliver the "amount due".\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Unless within thirty (30) days of receipt of this notice, regarding the "amount due" that is specified above, you dispute in writing the validity of the debt, or any portion thereof, the debt will be assumed to be valid by the person or entity generating this form.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8594?{\b WARNING:}  This does not mean that you have 30 days within which to pay the rent or vacate. You must still comply with the demand of this <% strDays %> Day Notice. Under federal law, if you notify the undersigned in writing within the 30-day period that the "amount due," or any portion thereof is disputed, the undersigned will obtain and mail a verification of the debt to you. Also, upon your written request within the 30-day period, the undersigned will provide you with the name and address of the original creditor, if different from the current creditor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8594?{\b WARNING:}  This does not mean that a lawsuit under California law for Unlawful Detainer may not be filed against you before the end of the 30 day period If you fail to comply with this <% strDays %> Day Notice to Pay Rent or Quit If, however, you request verification of the debt and/or the name and address of the original creditor In writing within the 30 day period that begins with your receipt of this notice, the law requires me to suspend my efforts (through litigation or otherwise) to collect the debt until I mail the requested information to you.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b ___ If this is checked, the current landlord creditor is the same as your original creditor.} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b ___ If this is checked, this notice concerns a debt which was originated by the undersigned person or entity.} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b ___ If this is checked, a Verification of Identity of Original Landlord/Creditor is attached hereto.} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b ___ If this box is checked, a Verification of Debt is attached hereto.} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Name of Person or Entity to whom to mail or personally deliver the rent} :\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b <% owner %>, <% deliveryLocation %>} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Usual days and hours for rent to be personally delivered: {\b Monday \u8211? Friday 9:00 am \u8211? 5:00 pm}  (Please call in advance of arrival to insure that someone is present to receive your payment of rent) Any person at the office may receive the rent \u8211? Please have the payment put in a sealed envelope; also make sure to ascertain the name of the person to whom you are handing the payment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Dated: <% date %>  X__________________{\i \u173?\u173?_______} {\i } Agent Telephone #: <% agentTelephone %>\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b "Signature of "Underslgned" (Name of authorized independent property manager and/or Authorized Agent for landlord)} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b NOTICE TO OCCUPANTS: As required by law. you are hereby notified that a negative credit report reflecting on your credit history may be} {\b } {\b submitted to a credit reporting agency if you fail to fulfill the terms of your credit obligations} \par}

}